### Executive Summary
In Lab 1 you will first learn how to set up a new information sharing program that we will use for our labs it is cslled GitHub. Lab 1 will also help show you the different components that make up IT. In this lesson it lays the groundwork on what IT is and what it has to offer. You will learn about the Information systems and their many components. You see how IT has helped businesses make great profits once IT was first introduced. This helps us finally get the meaning of what we are going to be learning in this class.
### Information Systems Components
I use a couple facinating devises that help me get the correct fuel mixture for my Focus RS. The hardware I use are a Cobb Accessport and an app from Tune+ to help me get the right corrections. The software for the Cobb Accessport runs off of my cars computer and help run the diagnostics on my car and can keep track of Octane levels in the Fuel, Horsepower and air to fuel ratios to name a few and the Tune+ app runs on my android operating system and helps to tell me the mixture of 93 octane and E85 I need to acheive the E30 fuel mixture. I have to do the mixture my self so if it asks me to add 3.5 gallons of E85 and then 7.3 gallons of E85 that is what I do and this is the Person and process side of things. Once added to my gas tank my accessport will read the data from my engines computer and upgrade timing to keep up with the current fuel mixture. If I did not do these steps or have this software my engine would surely blow up.
### GitHub

##### Client-Server Architecture
This is a way for "us" the clients to share information on GitHub. If you have something you are working on you can share your work on GitHub and other people can add their own ideas and if it what they shared helps then you can add the data to what you are doing and this is done from computer to computer. GitHub is basically a big thinktank to help others finish their ideas. 
##### Cloud Computing
GitHub is considered Cloud Computing for one thing you can access Github over your phone via the GitHub app or the website. Cloud Computing is connecting users with mobile access to data and applications. GitHub you can see others user data and add to it or use it to help you finish what you are working on.  Other systems that use a Cloud would be any cell phone systems that have internet capabilities. Vehicles you have navigation, radio and communications. We also have Smart TVs and gaming systems which are some of the most used cloud computing systems out there right now and are a normality in our everyday lives.
### Conclusion
