### Executive Summary
Include your executive summary here...

### Python IDLE
The differance between the Shell and the File Editor in the Idle is that Shell runs code one instruction at a time and File Editor where you can type complete programs into.
##### Code Examples
Some code examples are a variable a variable is a box that can store a single value, Example: Sapm=42 now when you type spam it will hold the value of 42. The reason they use the words spam, bacon and eggs stems from the Monty Phython skit "Spam". An assignment statement is a statement that assigns a value to a name (Variable), Examples: +, =, /. A Fucntion is a block of code hich only runs when it is called and you must put "def" as  keyword to make it a function, Example: def my_function() then print ("Hello from a function"). Three Data types are Integers which are whole number values like -2, 30 these are also referred to as Ints. Next we have the Floating Point Numbers which are decimals like 2.13, 2.63 and are also called Floats. Finally we have strings which are text values and must begin and end in quotes which would look like this 'Alice'.
### Graphics
##### Raster vs. Vector Graphics
When small images lose quality when you enlarge them. It's because they're made up of thousands—sometimes even millions—of tiny little pixels. The word for this type of image is raster. Vector graphics are quite different from raster. You can make them any size, big or small, without losing quality. In the example below, the image has been enlarged, but there's no pixelation—not even a little bit.
##### Lossless vs. Lossy Compression
There are a few different methods for lossless compression. There’s run-length encoding (used for BMP files), which takes runs of data (consecutive data elements with identical values) and stores them in a single data value and count. It’s best suited for simple graphics files, where there are long runs of identical data elements. DEFLATE is another lossless data compression method used for PNG images. It uses a combination of the LZ77 algorithm and Huffman coding. In addition to being used for PNG images, it’s also used in ZIP and gzip compression. Lempel-Ziv-Welch (LZW) compression is a lossless compression algorithm that performs a limited analysis of data. It’s used in GIF and some TIFF file formats. There are a number of lossy compression methods, some of which can be combined with lossless methods to create even smaller file sizes. One method is reducing the image’s color space to the most common colors within the image. This is often used in GIF and sometimes in PNG images to result in smaller file sizes. When used on the right types of images and combined with dithering, it can result in images nearly identical to the originals. Transform encoding is the type of encoding used for JPEG images. In images, transform coding averages out the color in small blocks of the image using a discrete cosine transform (DCT) to create an image that has far fewer colors than the original.
Chroma subsampling is another type of lossy compression that takes into account that the human eye perceives changes in brightness more sharply than changes of color, and takes advantage of it by dropping or averaging some chroma (color) information while maintaining luma (brightness) information. It’s commonly used in video encoding schemes and in JPEG images.
##### File Formats
GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format, and is a bitmap image format introduced in 1987 by CompuServe. It supports up to 8 bits per pixel, meaning that an image can have up to 256 distinct RGB colors. One of the biggest advantages to the GIF format is that it allows for animated images, something neither of the other formats mentioned here allow. JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is an image format that uses lossy compression to create smaller file sizes. One of JPEG’s big advantages is that it allows the designer to fine-tune the amount of compression used. This results in better image quality when used correctly while also resulting in the smallest reasonable file size. Because JPEG uses lossy compression, images saved in this format are prone to “artifacting,” where you can see pixelization and strange halos around certain sections of an image. These are most common in areas of an image where there’s a sharp contrast between colors. Generally, the more contrast in an image, the higher quality the image needs to be saved at to result in a decent-looking final image. PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is another bitmapped image format that uses lossless data compression and was created to replace the GIF image format. The PNG format was largely unsupported by Internet Explorer for a long time, making it less commonly used than GIF and JPEG formats, though it’s now supported properly by every major browser. PNG files support palette-based color (either 24-bit RGB or 32-bit RGBA), greyscale, RGBA and RGB color spaces. One of PNG’s biggest advantages is that it supports a number of transparency options, including alpha channel transparency.
##### File Properties
### Conclusion
Include your professional conclusion here...
