### Executive Summary
 In this lab we are going to learn the ins and outs of the different types of application software and their functions to the Developer and the End User. We learn about the clarification between the operating systems and developers. This lab also focus's on Python and the way computing lanuage is compiled. We end this lab with learning what types of jobs are out there for our IT degrees.

### Software
  Application software is the second major catagory of the software. Some of these are considered "Killer Apps" and those are the apps that we find esential, like spreadsheets with apps like Excel being the biggest one. Other Examples are word processing: Calculators on a spreadsheet, surfing the web using your favorite browser. 
  Utility Software includes programs that allow us to fix or modify your computer. They were created to fill short comings in operating systems and usually these Operating Systems have these included as part of the OPS itself. Some examples are Anti-Malware and Programs that remove software you no longer want.
  Operating System Software all systems need an OPS to be able to run programs. Some examples of this are Microsoft for Windows, Apple's Mac OS and linux. You also have smartphones with iOS for Apple and Android for Google.  
  ERP software is also know as The Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system (sometimes just called enterprise software) was developed to bring together an entire organization within one program. ERP software utilizes a central database that is implemented throughout the entire organization. If done properly, an ERP system can bring an organization a good return on their investment. By consolidating information systems across the enterprise and using the software to enforce best practices, most organizations see an overall improvement after implementing an ERP. Some Examples are Oracle ERP Cloud, BizAutomation, SAP S/4 HANA.
  Virtualization relies on software to simulate hardware functionality and create a virtual computer system. This enables IT organizations to run more than one virtual system – and multiple operating systems and applications – on a single server. The resulting benefits include economies of scale and greater efficiency than using multiple servers, each operating at a fraction of their capacity, to keep pace with today’s high storage and processing demands. The result: huge inefficiencies and excessive operating costs.
### Virtualization
  Two main problems that Virtualization can solve are when companies could partition their servers and run legacy apps on multiple operating system types and versions. Servers started being used more efficiently (or not at all), thereby reducing the costs associated with purchase, set up, cooling, and maintenance. 
  Hypervisors separate the physical resources from the virtual environments—the things that need those resources. Hypervisors can sit on top of an operating system (like on a laptop) or be installed directly onto hardware (like a server), which is how most enterprises virtualize. Hypervisors take your physical resources and divide them up so that virtual environments can use them. The differance between cloud computing and virtualization is that cloud computing is that they are more of an an environment that lets you share resources within a network and virtualization is more of the tech itself letting you create resources and environments from a single hardware. An administrator can move from virtualization to cloud computing if you have access to the intranet or the internet then virtulization can create clouds. The Clouds deliver the added benefits of self-service access, automated infrastructure scaling, and dynamic resource pools, which most clearly distinguish it from traditional virtualization.
### Python
 Pseudocode is a simple way of writing programming code in English. Pseudocode is not actual programming language. It uses short phrases to write code for programs before you actually create it in a specific language. Once you know what the program is about and how it will function, then you can use pseudocode to create statements to achieve the required results for your program. It can write a code that is made in feet and can print out in meters.
 A program written in a compiled language like C or C++ is converted from the source language i.e. C or C++ into a language that is spoken by your computer (binary code i.e. 0s and 1s) using a compiler with various flags and options. When you run the program, the linker/loader software copies the program from hard disk to memory and starts running it.
Python, on the other hand, does not need compilation to binary. You just run the program directly from the source code. Internally, Python converts the source code into an intermediate form called bytecodes and then translates this into the native language of your computer and then runs it. All this, actually, makes using Python much easier since you don't have to worry about compiling the program, making sure that the proper libraries are linked and loaded, etc. So Compiled language is regular language that get reworked into binary code and with Python it reads it as the orignal code and no need for a rewrite.
### Career Exploration
 When I was looking up my career on the Bureau of Labor Satistics I was glad to see that my job has a median pay of $107,000 per year. Being able to do something I have a great interest in and get paid pretty well is a great bonus. I also like how the site shows you what your job intails, work environment and how to even get a job in your field. The statistics about the job you are looking for are a plus too so you can see if it is something that is growing or shrinking and it looks like Software Development is a growing field with over 22% new jobs!
##### College Central
 I really think this is an amazing tool to help find Careers in your field of learning. I like that you can type in a certain job, location and it will actually find what jobs are out there. You can also add certifications, your degree, resume and GPA to help make you more desirable to companies. This is going to be an amazing tool to use once I complete my degree and/or certifications.
##### Certifications
I look up Cisco for certifications, I find Cisco to be a really amazing site that allows you to get certifictations in collaboration, security, cyberops, data center, devnet, enterprise and service providers. They also let you pick from Entry level certifications to Architects. I had no idea cisco offered these and I will definetly work on getting certifications in be it from Cisco or someone else. These can only help with my learning and help get my foot in the door even faster.
##### Certificates
I clicked the post-term for IT Programming and Develpment and found that it will show me the class I need to take to get my degree in the mentioned field. I like that it gives you a path on what classes to take in what semester and how many credit hrs you can earn. I like that it also shows you an Overview, Admission requirements, Program Learning Outcomes and Program Sequence.
##### Co-ops / Internships
An Internship is an experience referring to a partnership between students, institutions of higher education and employers that integrates academic study with work experience. Internships are of a specific and definite duration that also provides a student the opportunity to explore areas of interest. Internships are currently non-credit courses.
To inquire regarding paid or unpaid internship opportunities, please contact the Career Center, your academic department, or visit the job board at Handshake at Tri-C. Participate in the co-op orientation process through the Career Center. Upload your resume for final revisions and approval by a Career Coach at Handshake. Work with an Employer Relations Specialist to apply and interview with approved co-op placements. Complete and sign a "Cooperative Education Agreement" form and register for college credit. I learned that both the Co-Ops and Interships are here to help you get acclimated in your field so you get some sort of trainging before jumping in to your field.
##### Industry Associations / Student Organizations
I picked the Cybersecurity Club I like that they focus on being able to protect a Corporate network infrastructure and business information systems. That they can work as a team against other teams with the same hardware and see who can pick up and handle treats the fastest. I love competition this might be a club I would like to join.
### Conclusion
I learned alot in this lab with learning how to start coding with Phython to looking up jobs and seeing what is out in my field of work. I like that we are taking a long look at what there is after we get our degrees and certifications. I figured I would be writing code for some bank system I didnt know there was alot more to my degree in terms of jobs that I thought of and especially with all the help Tri-C offers in helping you start a career. 
